calling this its most important video
introduction in its history Toyota
executives rolled out the illume
full-size Tundra pickup that it claims
is the biggest boldest badass truck in
history though this is still called the
tundra there's little tie to the
outgoing model it replaces the look is
all new with a muscular domed front hood
subtle wheel flares body accent lines
along the bed and fenders and a body
that just looks well bigger and that
makes sense considering the 2007 tundra
has a longer wheelbase has increased 10
inches in length 5 inches in height and
is 4 inches wider it seems like a bigger
truck is what Toyota needed to create
become truly competitive with domestic
truck makers a point accented by three
new bed options including a genuine
eight footer but size doesn't matter if
there's no muscle to push it around so
for 2007 the tundra is available with an
economical 4-liter v6 an updated version
of the 4.7 liter v8 found in the 2006
model and the new 5.7 liter v8 with
variable valve timing and capable of
meeting you love emission standards a
new 6-speed automatic transmission will
also be on the menu a new chassis is
thirty percent stiffer and a tow hitch
integrated into the frame allows this
new super-sized Toyota to pull more than
10,000 pounds yes it's tough but even
tough truck guys like some comfort and
convenience something this American
built in design pickup promises to offer
when it goes on sale next January the
2007 tundra will be available in base
sr5 and limited trims each offering an
extra 4 inches of shoulder room and an
additional six inches of hip room for
rear-seat passengers the glove box has
been enlarged to a
the thermos and a huge center console
can double as a filing cabinet or a
laptop carrying case a point surely to
be appreciated by general contractors
and road warriors everywhere options
include a JBL audio system Bluetooth
connectivity a 10-way power driver seat
and a wide screen reversing camera
hidden in the tailgate a good thing to
have with such a large vehicle Toyota
officials are still a bit tight lipped
about some of the tundra specifics
including the price though they promised
that their goal is to provide the best
value in the full-size truck market
total sales for the first full year
production are estimated to reach
200,000 units